Move build files into pycode/memilio-simulation and update actions (#1566)
SciCompMod/memilio: docs/source/cpp/installation.rst

      - No 
      - https://sbml.org/software/libsbml/ (For SBML integration only)

See the `thirdparty directory <https://github.com/SciCompMod/memilio/blob/main/cpp/thirdparty/README.md>`__ for more details.

Step-by-step instructions
-------------------------

In case you have not installed the required tools, or downloaded the MEmilio repository, first follow the steps from the

> :doc:`../download_and_setup` section. We assume that you have a terminal open and have navigated into the the memilio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`../download_and_setup` section. From here on, we assume that you have a terminal open and have navigated into the the MEmilio
```

> :doc:`../download_and_setup` section. From here on, we assume that you have a terminal open and have navigated into the the MEmilio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:doc:`../download_and_setup` section. From here on, we assume that you have a terminal open and have navigated into the MEmilio
```

repository.

Configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Before we can *build* anything, we need to *configure* the project first. If you want to use its default options,

> simply run cmake in MEmilio's project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simply run cmake in MEmilio's root directory.
```

.. code:: bash

    cmake --build cpp/build -j 4

Here, ``-j 4`` is the number of jobs used for building MEmilio C++. Optimally, instead of using "4", you should set it
to the number of available CPU threads on your system, minus two. But "4" should work well on all modern systems.
The argument ``-j 4`` *is* optional, but will significantly speed up the compilation.

Once the build command has finished successfully, you can find the compiled executables in the directory
``cpp/build/bin/``.

You can check that everything is working as intended by running the test suite (if you did not disable the tests during
configuration):

.. code:: bash

    ./cpp/build/bin/memilio-test

> Also try out the example binaries (ending in ``__example``)!

Author: ```suggestion
Also try out the example binaries (ending in ``_example``)!
```

using a release version, preferably as a hash. 
Then, add the main framework as a dependency with the command ``target_link_libraries(<your target> PRIVATE memilio)``. You may also want to add one or more models as a dependency, like ``ode_secir``, ``ide_seir``, and ``abm``.
This will set all required include directories and libraries, even transitive ones.

Alternatively, if you installed the project (see the next section), there is a `memilio-config.cmake` file included with
your installation. This config file will tell CMake which libraries and directories have to be included. Look up the
config using the command ``find_package(memilio)`` in your own `CMakeLists.txt`. On Linux, the file should be found
automatically if you installed it in the normal GNU directories. Otherwise, or if you are working on Windows, you have
to specify the ``memilio_DIR`` variable when running CMake to point it to the `memilio-config.cmake` file.
Then you can add dependencies as above, but with the added prefix of ``memilio::``. For example, to add the main
framework, use ``target_link_libraries(<your target> PRIVATE memilio::memilio)``.

Installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. warning::
    

>     Installing currently is not tested and probably does not work as expected or at all. If you want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Installing currently is not tested and may not work as expected or at all. If you want to
```
This a duplication of the known issues below.

This will install the libraries, headers, and executables that were built, i.e. where ``MEMILIO_BUILD_<PART>=ON``.

Next steps
----------

Running simulations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> You can run simulations either via the C++ interface where they are originally implemented or via the python bindings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run simulations either via the C++ interface where they are originally implemented or via the Python bindings. 
```
I wouldn't mention the Python bindings here as we are in the C++ guide and they are mentioned already in the setup and overview etc.

In short, the executables for different model instantiations are built as described above and can be run via 

.. code-block:: console

   ./cpp/build/bin/<example_name>

Out of the box this works for all examples in the ``cpp/examples`` folder of our
`github repository <https://github.com/SciCompMod/memilio/tree/main/cpp/examples>`__,
that do not depend on user-provided external libraries. 
Additional explanations for our models are linked at the corresponding sites of this documentation.

Simulations used in publications
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For simulations used in publications, we maintain a separate repository: 
`memilio-simulations <https://github.com/SciCompMod/memilio-simulations>`__. 
This repository contains simulations organized in separate folders, each with the specific version of MEmilio 
used for the published results. This ensures that simulation results can be easily reproduced.

The repository also includes additional scripts for plotting, data gathering, and pre-/post-processing 
that were used in publications.

> Loading data

Reviewer: I am unsure if I would mention this here as this does not directly concern the C++ installation and only provides the download of quite specific data sets. It is also mentioned in the Overview section.

Author: I agree. This entire "Next steps" section is taken directly from getting_started.rst, since I removed the direct context, i.e. the installation guide there. I could move the "Next steps" section back, but I am not sure whether that would make sense, now that the installation section is gone. Any ideas where to put it? Or should I remove it entirely? It's not terrible as a pointer to different files, hence I did not delete this section.

What do you think?

Reviewer: We could move the sections "Simulations used in publications" and "Creating new models" back to the bottom of getting_started.rst, I think those are suitable next steps or motivation after seeing what we already have. I think I would remove the epidata and visualization sections as they are also mentioned elsewhere.

Author: Done. I also merged the "Running Simulations" section into the Build section and removed "Next steps".

~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :doc:`memilio-epidata <../python/m-epidata>` package provides tools to download epidemiological relevant datasets.
Some datasets like contact matrices for Germany are also included in the ``data`` folder of the
`github repository <https://github.com/SciCompMod/memilio/tree/main/data>`__ and school holidays (for Germany) are
directly included in the
`C++ code <https://github.com/SciCompMod/memilio/blob/main/cpp/memilio/geography/holiday_data.ipp>`__.  

Creating new models
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you want to create new models, you can do so via the C++ interface. For this, we recommend to have a look at 
the :doc:`C++ model creation <model_creation>` section of this documentation.

> Visualizations

Reviewer: Similar to the epidata package, I am unsure if this belongs in a C++ installation guide.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

For visualizations, we provide our :doc:`python package memilio-plot <../python/m-plot>`. Apart from that, we have 
collected some scripts that we used for visualizations in the `tools folder in our github repository <https://github.com/SciCompMod/memilio/tree/main/tools>`__. 
For the latter, no regular testing is conducted. If you encounter errors, please `contact us <mailto:Martin.Kuehn@DLR.de>`__.

Known issues
------------

> - Installing currently is not tested and probably does not work as expected or at all. If you want to integrate the project into yours, use the `FetchContent` way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Installing currently is not tested and may not work as expected or at all. If you want to integrate the project into yours, use the `FetchContent` way.
```
Otherwise this sounds very pessimistic
